on click "edit"
IMPORTANT use MediaBunny for subclips creattion and preview

a timeline the height of a thumbnail, showing the video over time appears below the preview.

it's much llike the iOS video editor 
user can scrub a ply head, 

to create Subclips, user can choose a time range by dragging a zone over the video timeline.
the zone is represented as a color rectangle with handles of both sides, handles can be dragged to adjust the clip duration.
a clip is created below the timeline, it is a thumbnail of the video with the same color as the zone.
user can create multiple subclips, each with different color.
on subclip rollover, a preview of the subclip, twice the size of the thumbnail at 5fps appears in a small floating window.
sublcips ahve a little trashbin icon to remove them from the metadata JSON and the classes list.


every change to the metadata JSON is saved to localStorage.


great now, it would be helpful to view the start end frames when dragging the  handles and on rollover the timeline in the preview popup.
when creating the subclip, create a cropped version of the video, snapshot and use as thumbnail.
make thumbnail draggable, text input catches the focus, prevent text selection



subclips are the same color, they should always  have different colors.
subclips should be dragged to classes lists and store which class they belong to.
subclips should ONLY belong to one class.
subclip thumbnail should show the first frame of the subclip.
preview popup should respect the aspect ratio of the source video.
preview popup should appear on rollover the subclip


set popup preview playback speed to 2x instead of 5 fps
timeline on rollover, display the current frame, create a second popup"frame preview"
let user drag the subclips representation on the timeline
IMPORTANT: make the subclip draggable to the classes list to the right to assign the class name 


the flow is wrong: subclips are sub items of each video.
the video is the parent of the subclips.
users can drag the subclips to the classes list to assign the class name.
the subclips should not be dragged to the 'inbox' list before being assigned a class in the right column list.
the inbox panel should only hold source videos, not subclips
if a video from the inbox panel is dragged to the class list, it should be considered like a full length subclip. 
UI: the editor and inbox windows should not allow overflow but rather resize to fit the content.
UI: when editing video subclips, the left columnn should smooth transition to 70% of the width.    
UI: when editing video subclips, the right columnn should smooth transition to 30% of the width.    



store a base64 thumbnail of the subclips in the metadata JSON.
class list: onrollover, the thumbnails should display a preview popup.
make the columns ratio 50 % / 50% when editing, always leave a close button to close the editor.
UI : inbox:make the thumbnails fit the container, add a "zoom" slider at the bottom of the panel to set the max width of the thumbnails, with a max width of 512px and a min width of 64px. 
recompute the thumbnails when zoom value changes

UI : on double click the timeline, start the a new subclip from the current frame to the min( current frame + 2 seconds, end of the video).
recompute subclip preview on the fly when rolling over a subclip in the class list.
rename 'inbox" to "collection", move thumbnail size to the bottom of the panel.
UI in the class list, a click on the subclip should open the parent video in the editor.
add a trashbin icon to the subclip in the classlist


classes disappeared : fix
add a (+) button after the class name search list
remove the panel containing the collections icons : it creates artefacts when dragging


update the colored area between handles in editor when user drag the handles
let user drag the colored area along the timeline to change start frame
no need for the "accept change " button over the timeline, commit changes everytime the user releases the mouse
leave a greyed out thumbnail of the subclip in the editor when the subclip is dropped onto a class list
let subclips thumbnails create new lines when they overflow the editor width



highlight subclip being edited in white
add a white horizontal handle of subclip width / 6pix high to drag the subclip range in the timeline if far engough from the handles and hovering the colored area
remove duplicate close button in editor 
grey out or alpha fade 50% the thumbnail of the subclip in the editor when the subclip is associated to a class list


when removed from the class list, the subclip is 100% visible again in the editor (not greyed out)
when removed from the EDITOR, the subclip is deleted from the metadata JSON
a click on the timelien selects a subclip by color
dragging a subclip's colored area  along the timeline changes its first frame 


a click on the thumbnail of a clip unselectes any currently selected clip ,  highlights and edits the clicked subclip
a click on the timeline selects a subclip by color, if a subclip is selected, unselect it and highlight the clicked subclip
dragging a subclip's colored area  along the timeline changes its first frame 
create a tab belolw the selected subclip so that it can be dragged along the timeline 


make the drag button fullheight, remove behaviour that sends the handle to the mouseclick on click
make sure to constantly update the size and position of the color area
when deleting, remove the handles, color area and drag button

1 : update the color area of a subclip on the timeline every time the pointer is up : after relaesing a handle, after releasing the drag button, even if it's not on the button itself.
2 : a single click on the timeline should select and highlight the subclip beneath the pointer if any, unselect any currently selected clip



1:add a trashbinb icon next to a class list to delete it, clear the subclips associated with the class on deletion
2: replace the "close editor" button with a close button ( X ) on the top right of the editor
3: replace "remove" with a traashbin, "remove" button should remove the video  from the collection, add a warning and ask confirmation


classlist: subclips thumbnails preview popup are broken now, fix. you can re=generate on the fly from metadata JSON 

when creating a a subclip on double click, immediately select it


now I need the ability to crop a zone of the video and create a subclip from it.
evrything should keep working the same way. the rect coords should be stored in the metadata JSON.
add the necessary controls to the editor to crop a zone of the video and create a subclip from it.

each subclip must have a crop property rect associated , default is the full frame.
on subclip click, the rect is overlaid on top of the video in the editor.
the rect can be dragged and resized dynamically, on change, the previews are updated accordingly 



add middle handles to rect controls, give the rect the same color as the subclip.
on subclip selection, reset the rect to match the selected subclip properties.
on rect change, update the subclip properties.
on rect change, update the subclip preview.
don't use ddashed lines, solid 1pix and handles colored like the subclip


the subclip's rect should updated in the metadata JSON whenever the rect is modified by user
for now, when clicking on a subclip the last rectangle is used and reassigned to the subclip.
fix

newly created subclips should have a fullscreen rect
remove the "crop button" from the editor

set the rect size to 100% of the video when creating a new subclip
the hover video preview generation on the classlist thumbnails  doesn't work anymore, it should use the subclip's crop rect
fix

the previews are still black but seem to have the good aspect ratio, make them fit in a 200px box but mostly, make them work

the classlist items hover preview is completely broken,
 review carefully, and fix, create a seaparte class if it helps, take the subclip rect into account display in a 200px max box with aspect ratio

 preview is still black, when dropping a subclip onto the classlit panel, use mediabunny to extract and reframe a shortclip at 2x speed , display the short clip in   a the preview div